for landmark 0) -2     is chosen
for landmark 1) 1     is chosen
for landmark 2) -5     is chosen
for landmark 3) -5     is chosen
for landmark 4) -5     is chosen
for landmark 5) -2     is chosen
for landmark 6) 4     is chosen
for landmark 7) 7     is chosen
for landmark 8) 7     is chosen
for landmark 9) 1     is chosen
for landmark 10) 1     is chosen
for landmark 11) 7     is chosen
for landmark 12) 4     is chosen
for landmark 13) 7     is chosen
for landmark 14) 10     is chosen
for landmark 15) 1     is chosen
for landmark 16) 10     is chosen
for landmark 17) 7     is chosen
for landmark 18) 1     is chosen
for landmark 19) -5     is chosen
for landmark 20) 10     is chosen
for landmark 21) 7     is chosen
for landmark 22) 1     is chosen
for landmark 23) -5     is chosen
for landmark 24) 4     is chosen
