for landmark 0) 2     is chosen
for landmark 1) -3     is chosen
for landmark 2) 1     is chosen
for landmark 3) -3     is chosen
for landmark 4) 2     is chosen
for landmark 5) -2     is chosen
for landmark 6) 2     is chosen
for landmark 7) -3     is chosen
for landmark 8) 1     is chosen
for landmark 9) 2     is chosen
for landmark 10) -3     is chosen
for landmark 11) -2     is chosen
for landmark 12) 1     is chosen
for landmark 13) 2     is chosen
for landmark 14) -3     is chosen
for landmark 15) 2     is chosen
for landmark 16) 2     is chosen
for landmark 17) -3     is chosen
for landmark 18) -3     is chosen
for landmark 19) 2     is chosen
for landmark 20) -3     is chosen
for landmark 21) -3     is chosen
for landmark 22) -3     is chosen
for landmark 23) 1     is chosen
for landmark 24) -3     is chosen
for landmark 25) 2     is chosen
for landmark 26) -3     is chosen
for landmark 27) -3     is chosen
for landmark 28) -3     is chosen
for landmark 29) -3     is chosen
